---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-02T20:57:16.073Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-02T20:57:05.909Z'
title: Reviews
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-02-reviews.md
published: true
url: reviews/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
# Reviews

## Here is what our customers and the internet is saying about us:

> Overall a great coin at a reasonable price.I think this is a worthy follow up to the DOGE Coin.
> 
> _[TookDk][0]_

> Just wanted to stop in and say that I got my \#027 Bitcoin and my 3 airtites in the mail the other day! The 10,000 Bits coin looks fantastic, and my 2 Dogecoins look & feel nice in the airtites. The minting quality on both series of the CI coins has been almost flawless from what I've seen of it, and the holograms are obv. amazing!
> 
> All in all I would say Crypto Imperator makes some of the finest quality physical crypto coins for the price. I will hopefully be buying some more in the near future, and hope to see a third design sometime!
> 
> [Snarlpill][1]

> If you are on the fence about getting a physical bitcoin, I recommend snagging a couple of these before they sell out.  Nice size, very high quality, and affordable.  Cryptoimperator has great customer service and communication is excellent with his customers.  I don't work for them, just a satisfied customer reporting on my experience.
> 
> [LazerViking][2]

> Regardless of its small/enormous denomination, the Crypto Imperator 10,000 bit piece is a handsome coin, even if it lacks the precious metal that some other coins boast. It's smooth, professional finish and nice heft give it a professional air, and it has a strong simple design on the front of a breaking chain.
> 
> [Object2212][3]



[0]: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=818791.msg9421779#msg9421779
[1]: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=818791.msg9713648#msg9713648
[2]: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=818791.msg10099771#msg10099771
[3]: http://object2212.com/?p=333